[Music]
congratulations to each of you on
winning the contest and welcome to
Fantasy Island a place where anything is
possible i mr. word ambassador to your
deepest desires we're all curious how
this all works it's got to be some sort
of immersive experience I promise you
you will not be disappointed
mr. Bert tailors eats fantasy
specifically to the guests what I want
to see some action we want to have it
all change the moment and I regret most
revenge on a childhood bully hmm
painfully unimaginative that race where
anything and everything is possible your
life is about to change forever a
[Music]
variety of buttons for a variety of
revenge let's have some fun
oh my god
this is not what I meant
[Music]
five years of memories that I don't have
yesterday the island once I'm not
together
I think this is someone else's
[Applause]
the island ain't what you think it is
we were brought here to be a part of
something else
[Applause]
[Music]